What number is this, 69? Oh, no. Nice. Episode 69. I don't even know what that means.
I don't want you to explain it to me. Okay. Yeah, I'm not going to.
Yeah, I've been seeing so many people post videos from those glasses. Someone that I know
did like a Saturday drive, they live around me, did a Saturday drive and did like a beach thing,
like the same thing that we do pretty often. And it was like so crazy seeing it and like
recognizing stuff in there from like that perspective. Yeah, that's really cool. I think I want to
get one. Yeah, get one. I just got one. This is the first time I've used it. I haven't looked
into it at all. I've only seen the end result. Is that is it just one camera? I think so. I believe
so. Is it right here? Yeah, I see a blinking and then what's on the other? That's the that's
the like a status. I think the other side is the camera. I see. Yeah, yeah. I can't secretly
record people. Yeah, I've never worn glasses in my office with my lights on and stuff. Big glare.
Turns out. How do people how do people do that? Well, wait, first of all, are those like see like
eyeglasses or those sunglasses? They're sunglasses, but I got them clear. Do they wear them indoors?
And I'd feel like an idiot. No, they don't transition. They're just always clear. Oh, you can have
well, you can have always clear sunglasses at work. I guess I don't wear sunglasses. I don't know.
Like, will they still block harmful sun rays from my eyeballs? I know I need I need you to go outside
and look into the sun right now with this sunglasses. I'm just kidding. Look at the sun.
Actually, you're supposed to start your day looking at the sun. It's good for your circadian
rhythm. Okay. I know way too many Huberman things. Why do I feel shameful knowing Huberman things?
He's just like a scientist and he shares like science. That's good. Why is it bad? I don't know
who he is. I have no idea. I've never come across him. I only see people reference him. I hear you
referencing a lot. Yeah. And so I just want to make fun of it. He's like a research scientist at
Stanford, or maybe he's not a researcher. Maybe he's a professor. He's a professor or something.
I don't even know what he is. But he's really smart. Okay. And he references ways that science
can help you in your day every day. I want to look into the sun. I don't know how smart he is.
Not look into it, but like get the if you heard this. Okay. I like know all of his advice because
it just comes up so often. And that's why it's easy to make fun of. It's it comes up so often.
Is it the demographic of people that have latched onto it? Is it bros like me
that have gotten a hold of it? And that's why it's shameful. Is that why I feel bad?
It's not shameful, but I'm just always going to make fun of people thinking about their life in
this way. It's just too easy. You know what it is? It's just trying hard. Whenever someone's trying
hard. It's trying hard. Yeah. You like to poke at people that try hard. Yeah. Yeah. I guess everyone
does. I just realized I'm live on Instagram to no followers, but they won't hear you. So this is
kind of pointless. I guess at least they got a little inside look at what it's like to be a
tech bro in 2023. Did you have to title this stream? Yeah, I got the titles tomorrow.
Is that why you titled it? What stream? Oh, I don't think Instagram's I don't know if
Instagram live gives you a title. Oh, I see. We're telling your followers you started a live video.
Well, thank you, Instagram. Okay, I'm going to end this thing and take off my glasses now.
Are we streaming on Twitter? Yeah, we are. I didn't have. Wow. Last time we had a very
clickbaity title. And this time I just did some engineering. So we'll see what the difference is.
It's talking to me. Wait. Oh, because it has speakers. Oh, it has speakers. I don't know if
it actually has like, does it have AR stuff? Like, is it going to ever like do stuff? So right?
There's like, those are like normal screens. So what did you get them for? Like, is you
was there like a specific purpose? Why do I get anything, Dax? I don't know. Just to mess with it.
I have an aura, an aura ring now. Oh my god. You have an aura ring. I recommend them.
No, I don't know. It gives you sleep tracking that like, I don't wear my watch when I sleep.
So it's really nice to see like a lot of data on my sleep. Yeah. I was working out more.
I used a whoop. I use that for peers. Yeah, whoop, whatever. Yeah. I have a neighbor who is also
into all the things that I'm into like, Superman and whatever. He's got the same cold plunge. He's
like, I mean, literally, like, I've just copied him in every way, I guess, in life. And he uses a
whoop and an aura ring. I'm like, why do you use both? That's too much data. I think.
What was pretty cool? It's kind of a company that I wish I came up with. It seems fun.
There's a lot of companies like that for me. Yeah. I wish I came up with Google, Apple.
Those are boring answers, Adam. Be more interesting. Okay. SST.
That means. Well, I didn't. Okay. Yeah.
Okay. So I feel like we have a lot to talk about. We have too much to talk about.
Before we talk. Yeah. Can I just say I'm going to be very talkative? I have had caffeine in today.
Nice. I haven't eaten in 40 hours. I'm on a 40 hour fast.
These are getting fat. No, I'm cutting for another competition. I wasn't aiming for 40 hours.
I was aiming for 36. But then like you get into it and you're not hungry. It's like, I feel like
I could never eat again. Is this the one Atlanta you're going to? Yeah. Yeah. It's in like 20 days.
Oh, wow. Yep. Well, I mean, it sounds so dumb to be like traveling to Atlanta for a white belt
tournament. But Casey's family's in Atlanta. It's right around Thanksgiving. We haven't been there
in a couple of years. We want to go visit anyway. So it just kind of all works. It's like an excuse
to go there. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, we have a lot to talk about. Sorry. Go ahead. I'm just going to
be talking really fast. Well, yeah, let's start because I don't. I feel like we have so much to
talk about. It's stacked on top of each other. Made me forget what we have to talk about.
I made a list actually. I've never made a list of things I want to talk about.
Oh, so prepared. Should we let's start with like,
interesting stuff, maybe? Good, boring stuff. Why is there boring stuff on your list?
I mean, like tech-ish, like things that people might care about. And then we can just do the
stuff we normally do, which is whatever. The serverless framework is a paid thing now. I don't
actually know. I didn't see the announcement. So I need you to tell me, first of all, what happened?
You have to pay to like continue using serverless or what? Yeah, I mean, the post was pretty and clear,
but the parts that were clear is they're going to come out with serverless V4. They're on V3
right now. I think V4 is going to come out next year. So it's not like happening today or anything.
V4 will be paid, but only for customers that have more than $2 million a year in revenue.
Okay. I never liked the revenue-based numbers. I feel like those are
so those range so widely for certain companies. Like there's companies that can be making $2
million and still be negative. And there's companies that make that much and it's almost 100% profit.
So yeah, I was fond of that. Very different philosophies. Yeah, but I get why they did that.
They're also launching this extensions concept. It looks, I'm not too like, it doesn't look that
series. It just looks like, oh, you can now like run some steps in the Docker container. Let's
take some kind of like, they let you add whatever Docker image or something. It works something like
that. But the interesting part about that is they're saying that if you author an extension,
there's going to be a revenue share where you get 80% of the money associated with the extension.
But it's very confusing because when they even the first part where they're like, you have to pay
for it, it's not really clear how you pay. They talk about instances, which I guess are like
deployments. So for like each stage, each app. But it's not clear like how much you pay or like,
none of that. I don't know if it's 50 bucks a year or like 500. I have no idea what it is.
And then how does that translate to like revenue for the extension author? So like, do you set
like if you're the extension author, do you set your price? Like if you want to use this extension,
it costs X hours a month. I don't think they I don't think it's like you're paying extra for
the extension. I think it's some kind of revenue share where like, for apps that are deployed using
your extension, you get some cut, but then like the right, like what just is very unclear.
But they're clearly trying to bootstrap like some kind of terraform like ecosystem where you can
coordinate all kinds of things. And I think that's it. I think that that's all the details that were
in that post. So it's going to be paid. Not sure how much we're just bigger companies.
So I just it just occurred to me. I don't know, like HashiCorp's business model. How does how
does terraform make money? Because it's kind of a similar model. I didn't realize I didn't think
about like a huge public company, right? Yeah, but they have paid products and they have I think
they even have a services division where they do like consulting and stuff. But HashiCorp has,
I mean, if you look at terraform, they have terraform cloud or terraform enterprise,
which are like these just more large company focused tools like there is like a CI tool for
terraform. Okay, so terraform is still free, but people lots of people apparently pay for the like
they make a lot of money, right? I mean, they're public company. They went public during the crazy
times. And now they're kind of like, if you look at their stock, it's pretty much like
just been down since they went public. So definitely one of those cases where they got ahead of
their situation. And that's why they were forced to roll out some of those be like those licensing
changes on terraform. Oh, I forgot about it. Yeah, they have a they have a lot of products.
They have a lot of products and they've been around for a while. Like terraform was something
they came up with. Like I knew about HashiCorp for years before I started using terraform
because they had other their products, but they're pretty diversified.
So it's interesting though, there's, I mean, they could have at one point looked very similar
in their lifecycles, like serverless dominated serverless framework dominated.
And today, it was deployments, right? Yeah, if you look at today, they're still 30 times larger
than SST. How much? 30 times. Yeah. Wow. MPM downloads. Yeah. Well, I heard like 90%
of cloud formation deployments at one point were serverless framework. Oh, wow. Yeah. That's
not that surprising. But I mean, we have like a very unique perspective on this because the
original product for like our company, our original product wasn't SST. It was a CI tool
for serverless framework projects. So I mean, these are before I joined to use, by the way,
yeah, seed diagram. Yeah, now it works for us as well. But that's how the company started.
It was just looking at how big the serverless framework ecosystem was. And I'm thinking,
okay, we want to help people do serverless stuff. This is an angle. And yeah, like, you know,
that product grew to a certain size. And then we realized that serverless framework, it was
obvious even back then they were a dying framework. I don't think when SST was built,
a lot of people would have agreed. But there were a bunch of signals that like it hasn't,
it hadn't changed in years fundamentally. They haven't really been expanding the open source
product much. They like tried their hand at so many different paid products that never stuck.
But that was kind of we were like, if we're building on top of them and relying on them
to grow the ecosystem, we're kind of screwed. Because if they fail to do that, then we fail.
So that's why we moved off of them. And then I think, I would say like a year or a year and a
half ago, I think it became a lot more publicly clear that it was kind of a dying framework.
So I haven't really thought about them in a long time. I don't really think of them as like
a competitor that we're like, really like focused on.
You're so triggering. You're that meme. I don't think about you at all. There's all the things
you've just said in the last two minutes, like if serverless framework people were listening
or are listening, they're so triggered right now. And they can't say anything back because you're
on the line. Sometimes things don't work out. And like we just genuinely, it hasn't been our focus
because that market just is a certain size and serverless framework never grew out of it. We're
kind of stuck in. I'm an AWS person. I care about serverless and I use serverless framework.
They never broke out to. I'm a person. I'm trying to build applications. Oh, this framework was cool.
Let me learn about serverless through it. I just never reached a broader market.
And that's where our focus was. We're like, there's no reason to double down and like spend
all their time trying to convert serverless framework users because that's like a static
pool of people. I'm taking a word for all this stuff. You clearly know this a lot better than I do.
Yeah. And then so a bunch of people messaged me last week about it. And they were like,
oh, what do you think about this? Or like, oh, do you think I see is going to get a bunch of users
now? Or we had someone posting our Discord being like, hey, this kind of thing worries me.
Like, can you tell us like how come SST is not going to go down the same path?
Yeah. I saw your tweet. And that's where that came from. Yeah, exactly. So I was like, let me
just say it publicly. I wrote it on Discord initially and I kind of reposted it publicly.
But the thing that is funny about the situation is we're seeing a company kind of take their
core product and turn it into a paid product from open source. A lot of people, namely people that
are big fans of serverless framework or even worked at serverless framework are saying,
point to the situation and they're like, wow, open source monetization and sustainability is so
hard. Like we need new models. Like the classic conversation about how hard it is to sustain open
source, like they're framing it in that way. And to me, that's like so hilariously wrong,
because this isn't like the solid JSTM, which is like a small group of people working on a product.
This is a company that raised $20 million at probably a $100 million valuation that failed to break
1 million ARR despite being a year's old with like a massive user base. But to me,
this is just a normal startup execution failure. Like they messed up.
It's not a it's not an open source monetization, like landscape issue.
That's not like the whole open system open source ecosystem is broken. I hear you.
Yeah, yeah. It's like everyone's like, oh, it's open source broken. But like they were given
$20 million or something, whatever the number is public. And they couldn't find a way to make
it work. That's okay. It's like a startup failure. It happens. But like spinning it as like,
oh, this is a great example of why open source, like we all need to look harder open source.
The models need to change. So I posted so that's why my threat on it wasn't so much about like
anything besides the startup mistakes that we think caused this this issue and what we're doing to
make sure that we're not setting ourselves up in the same situation, like how we're making sure
that we're staying super small. So the bar for sustainability is a lot lower so we can get there
sooner and continue to make our own decisions instead of being pressured into different situations
or like having a board that's getting stressed out because we're making we're not making money.
Like all those distractions that happen with, again, normal startup problems.
The CEO of Service Remake did reply being like, I don't relate to any of this.
And his explanation was he was like, the only model that works is asking people to pay for the
core framework. And he kind of stated like, that's obvious doing anything else doesn't work.
And in my head, I'm like, well, then why did you try for the last eight years to do other stuff?
Like we all know that asking your customers to pay for your open source product is not a situation
anyone really wants to be in. It just kind of guarantees that you never really grow once you start
doing that. It does sound tricky. Like just from like a I've been using this open source framework
or library for years. And now all of a sudden, how do you like, you have to like put a credit card
in to get up? Well, how do you pay for it? Like it comes off getting up?
Yeah, here's here's another thing. I don't understand the enforcement of this.
Like, how do they know how much revenue you have? How do they know how many apps you're deploying?
Are they now like hooking in to a bunch of places? Like do you have to?
Oh, that's a good point. Like the two million or whatever you said it was revenue.
Like I don't I use frameworks all the time. They don't know how much revenue my company makes.
I'm okay with a good faith thing. Like I'm sure some larger percentage of people will say like,
okay, we are. We do need to pay like our our relationship with Replicash is like that Replicash
is similar model where it's free unless you raise a certain amount of money or you're like you're
making a certain amount of money. Yeah. And like we like the company. We don't want to screw them. So
we good faith pay. Yeah. But I'm like more confused about like the deployment like tracking the number
of deployments. Like do I do I just self report everything? I'm like we have 100 deployments.
Are we going to pay you for that or? Yeah. Are they like analytics inside the CLI?
It just seems like kind of clunky to actually implement this. So you've been very vocal about
like your approach or your as SST your approach to open source monetization.
Do you think there's like a fundamental? This has been like a big topic for years about like open
source sustainability. Is it actually an issue or is it just people need to get more creative?
And I think kind of where you stand on this, but I'm just I'd like to hear you.
Yeah. Well, I think there's let's I think we just need to separate companies from
like more pure open source efforts. If you're again, going back to solid JS team,
I'd categorize them under. Yes, like maybe we need to think about how to support these teams
better as an overall industry. That's fine. Like they're not trying to build a company.
They're all volunteers in their spare time. There's a foundation, whatever.
But then people also point to situations like Gatsby or again, like the serverless framework.
And this is just a different thing. You tried to build an open source company,
which is great. I think more people should try to do this because there's a lot of benefits
to the world for doing this. But the thing I always say, like it's it's doubly hard because you need
a nail to killer products. And most people can't even nail one. If by miracle, you somehow nail one
and get the timing right and people are adopting it and it's growing. Now you need to start over
and nail on a secondary product, just as well. Yeah, I don't envy the three of you at SST with
the just the execution roadmap laid out in front of you in terms of the open source side. And then
you have the console side like, it's just a lot to juggle. It's hard. Yeah, it's hard. And
there are people that pull it off. And a lot of people, a lot of companies fail at it.
But yeah, to me, it's like, it's not fundamentally impossible again, because we see companies that
have done it. I keep pointing to tailwind because we talk about like, oh, it's the sustainability.
Is anyone like worried about the tailwind people at all? No, of course not. Like they know what
they're doing. And like they figured out their model and they have a good way to say themselves.
So it's definitely possible. But you know, it's it's not easy. So I think there is a temptation to
explain away some of these failures as like some external issue with our industry, but
just normal sort of failures. Like you're you didn't find a product that hit. I'm pretty sure
our CI product probably made more money than their CI product. And that's that's like a problem,
right? That's like, yeah, why didn't why why was there an opportunity for like another company
to build on top of your users? Their frame, actually corporate the exact same problem like they had.
There's a few companies that executed on the paid product better than
HashiCorp did. So yeah, to me, it's like the we see us all the time. Like this happens over and
over and over. Hmm. Okay. Well, that went pretty well. I was a little nervous about what you would
say. You only probably triggered like a handful of my friends. Love you people. If you want to
come on the show, we could talk about it. Good times. Anything else you want to say about
that before I try to gracefully transition to something on my list? No. Okay, cool. So you
gotten a little bit of a Twitter, you just write such long tweets now. Of course, in a tweet,
yeah, I've run some long you write a tweet that long. Like somebody's going to take issue with
some part of it. Like there's just no way you're getting out unscathed, especially with your
communication, the way you tweet. Well, it's like you read a short tweet and people misinterpret it.
You read a long long tweet. People focus on one line that they didn't like.
Exactly. Yeah. I like the long tweets. I saw Jay said right, shorter tweets. Yeah, what the
hell was that? I got something by my own team. That's awesome. You guys are toxic in the best
possible way. I love it. I have like a shake right now. Like I am literally like just vibrating
from caffeine. You did too much coffee. This is the second day in a row. This happened to you.
Well, I'm tapering. So yesterday I had way too much. Today I'm having too much for a normal
day, but like less than yesterday. Okay. And I had to have no food in my system. So I'm quite
jittery. Can you hear it in my voice? No, I can't tell. Well, maybe your eyebrows switching a little.
A little bit. Also, cold plunge this morning, that doesn't help. There's like frost on the ground
this morning. It's like the first frost here, where like, do you know what frost is you in Miami?
Like the snow or the white stuff, right? The grass is like frozen solid. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And your breath, you could see your breath. So like you get in the cold water and it's just like,
why am I doing this on purpose? Does it cold plunge? Do you need to do anything or do you just
fill with water? It's coming just when you stand outside. Like I'm in next to nothing in my swimsuit.
It's like, yeah, yeah. When you stand outside and it's 28 degrees outside, it's almost as bad as
getting in the cold plunge. The water still hits different. It still sucks worse. But like,
yeah, you can just stand outside or go for a walk. And that's basically cold exposure. I mean,
that's like cold therapy right there. I see. I'm shaking for lots of reasons.
But I say this is not a topic I wanted to discuss. I do want to discuss the, my get up handle.
This is just a little thing. Oh, yes. Share the tragedy. I just have to tell you, too,
something I forgot to mention yesterday. So I finally got in contact with the guy who owns
Adam.dev on GitHub. It's like the only social platform I don't have that handle for.
And it drives me bananas. Yeah. It drives me crazy, to be honest,
because like when I go look, look at your GitHub, I'm just reminded like, oh, it's different.
That's it's different. And it's right now I got to change it because I want to get my last name
just like scrubbed from the internet. And it's part of my GitHub handle. So finally got in contact
with him. The way I got in contact with him was I realized like I hadn't been like mining his
GitHub connections. So he had four people that followed him. And they're all from the, well,
I'm not going to say they're all from the same university overseas. And so I just de-imbed all
of them on LinkedIn because I found them. Yeah. This is kind of what Frank did to get our GitHub,
like just crazy investigation stock. Yeah. I de-immed them all. Nobody responded to me,
but then he reached out to me. He added me on LinkedIn and he was like, hey, a few people have
reached out saying you're looking to buy the Adam.dev handle, not interested in selling. And then he
ended it with this is part of, I'll show you, he ended it with love your site, by the way. Good luck
with all your mini endeavors. That was pretty funny. It's kind of a sick burn. Like, I don't know if
he meant it as a word. I think he was just being genuine. Like he probably was like, good luck with
your endeavors. But you know, but he doesn't want to sell it for any price. I don't understand that.
Why is he? Is it active? Is he? That's what I can't get. I can't get in my head. Not really. He's not,
I mean, he's got some stuff on there. I'm sure he uses GitHub. But like, I don't know why you wouldn't
want to sell, especially to a person who's known for buying things for way too much money. Like,
I've done this before. It's a golden opportunity. You're sitting on a GitHub handle that is worth
something. He's like still a default profile picture. He could sell it to me and just change
it to whatever else, his full name. I don't know. This is so funny. It feels like this person has
been put on a planet just to torture you. He's seriously a rational decision. And he doesn't know
how much it bothers me. I'm trying to be polite. And like, I've told him if anything changes,
please let me know. I'm just going to have to wear him down. I'm just going to have to get
really annoying and message him every other week until he finally decides, you know what? I just
want to stop having to talk to this guy. Can you block me on LinkedIn? Is that a thing you can do?
Yeah, for sure. And you can block you on email. But so you should just start escalating to threats.
I'll mobilize his friends against. I'll just keep annoying them. Why would they listen to you?
And then they'll be like, would you please just sell a handle? I got to figure something out.
Maybe the whole podcast, if you listen to this podcast, maybe you could help me out.
And we'll put it in the show notes. No, we won't. That's terrible. I'm going to put his name and
contact information. And I want that handle so bad. I'm going to have to change my handle
everywhere. That's what you said yesterday. I probably have to change your handle everywhere,
or you're going to have to play dirty and throw. How could I play dirty? Please hire someone to
shake him down in person. Shake him down. What do you even mean right now? In person? Dax? What
are you? What are you saying? What do you suggest? Do you want this handle or not? I want it so bad.
I'm not going to resort to hiring a mob boss. Yeah, for sure.
Man, you have handles, man. They're worth a lot. Another option is to bribe a GitHub employee.
That's terrible. I can't rip it out from anything. Before I was able to get in contact with them,
and I didn't know how I was going to get in contact with them, I thought, is this a trademark dispute?
I own Adam.dev the domain. I own all the handles. Could I be like, I mean, it's not a trademark,
but like, come on. It's on my wall. It's my name. I had a situation with a domain that I wanted,
and it was owned by some random little ISP or something. It's just some small business
that didn't seem very active in Michigan, and they just would not sell it for anything,
and it didn't seem usable. I wish I could get in the headspace of that psychology.
Why would you not even listen to an offer in this case? I don't know if they came to that for you.
It's so different to me. I'll sell anything. I'll sell literally anything.
I'll just stop being on the internet at all. If somebody's like, I'm going to buy your online
presence. You got it. I'll sell you Zuko. I'll sell you Zuko. I wouldn't tell my boys,
but other than that. But for the right price? I mean, everything has a price, right?
You also didn't imagine your wife. But not my kids. Well, not obviously not my wife or my kids,
but like everything else. It's got a price. Everything has a price. Anyway, okay.
Could you just steal it somehow? Could you like go to the dark web and like do the things you
do on the dark web? I was kidding about all the everything I said so far, so trying to take me
into the tracks. I'm trying to cover my tracks. If you go and do something crazy, I don't want to
be at fault. Oh, man, that reminds me, I forgot to say something to you. The other day, there's
an interaction on Twitter that cracked me up. You said it was like, uh, Aiden commented on
something you tweeted. I don't know. And you were like, uh, like that time you banned me on Twitch
because Aiden works for Twitch. Like that time you banned me on Twitch and made what did you say?
You said something I accused him. I claimed that he used his access to ban everyone from my
Twitch stream until I paid him a ransom. Right. Right. His response. Now that I've hung out with
Aiden in person, I can just picture him saying it too. And his response was like to be very clear,
I did not do this. Dax is joking. Yeah, he did. He's very nervous. He's being like,
one, my boss follows me on Twitter to all my visa stuff is going on right now.
And I go with you all myself. So he got so serious. He was so clearly scared. And I was like,
maybe I should make you pay me a ransom to stop. So you actually started doing the thing. You
can use some of this. This brings up a point that I've always wondered. Like I've never heard
an answer to this. What like, what is the law or why can like people say they're doing a certain
drug in like a song or why can like, why could I just like tweet tomorrow or something awful
and like can't get in trouble for it? Why can you say stuff? Go ahead. Yeah, because it's not.
So what crime are you being accused of like conspiracy to smoke weed?
No, no, we would have, what if like, I don't know, what's something super, super illegal to
consume or to own or any, any schedule on drug like cocaine? Like if you took a picture of some
illegal weapon or something you possess, or yeah, you, I'm doing cocaine right now. If I say that
publicly, why can't I get in trouble? Because what's the actual crime you committed? The crime wasn't
that you said it's not like a speech crime without to be again, like conspiracy to do cocaine,
which, but I said I'm doing cocaine. The, the, the crime I did is cocaine. I did cocaine.
But if the only piece of evidence that people have, or is the fact that you said it, I mean,
it came from my mouth. I am the witness. I am the person, the perpetrator and the witness. Isn't
that well, like, unless you're going to go bring up charges on yourself and then be and then give
a confession. Like it's okay. Here's the thing. So why couldn't you bring up charges? Why couldn't
you charge? Now that's like only police people can charge? Why couldn't I? No, I can ask the
police to press charges and they were probably declined because this is not worth their time.
For like something they know that is hard to prove in court. So they can't prove it by just
playing back the tape of me on video being like, I'm doing cocaine right now. Well,
like physically showing it. Whatever you do with cocaine. Showing it maybe. Yeah, but it's again,
it's like, I don't think anyone's going to try that hard for a drug crime. You know,
I don't know enough about law enforcement. Me neither, but I think, yeah. But what,
okay, what about like, I feel like rappers probably talk about killing people.
Okay. So there is a thing where if you are charged directly with the crime,
they can bring up things that you've said to that point to you planning the crime.
Okay. So that's different, right? So that could be like a rap song could be
admissible as evidence in the court of law. They have done that. It's like really weak evidence.
So like it's not stuff that should count and there's actually that's art.
There's videos of, I forgot who it was. It was some lawyer and some rapper
like laughing while they were pointing to like lyrics being like, this is so stupid.
It's like, it's really, it's like circumstantial. It's like what?
Like you can say anything just because you said it. Does that mean it makes it true? Like,
I see. You always have a defense against against that being of saying like,
I was being sarcastic or like it was artistic or like, you know,
and that's good. Like you shouldn't, you should be able to claim those things.
Yeah. I guess it'll, I guess it makes sense now. I've always had that question.
I don't know why I've never asked it to anybody.
I mean, I don't know the direct answer. Maybe a lawyer can give us the real answer.
We should have a lawyer on that. That'd be fun. What is?
I would just want to immediately ask them like, are you losing your job to chat GPT?
Like, are you going away? Maybe like the boring lawyers. Yeah, probably.
That's what I'm saying. I genuinely believe lawyers could be on the way out.
Or at least some of them. I haven't used a boring lawyer in forever. I've like,
even without AI, I found enough tools to like avoid that. Like incorporating a business that
used to require a lawyer. Well, you get that's easy. But like, I don't know, they're just like,
as a startup person, you know, there's stuff that happens that's just, no.
Even then, I did, I did a whole fundraise myself and lawyers.
I guess, did you like safe? I mean, did you just do like, yeah, exactly. We did
saves. It was very easy to self administer. Yeah, I guess there are like a lot of tools now
to just kind of like get pretty far without needing custom stuff.
If you do any like deals, like B2B deals, I think that stuff maybe you need a custom.
So even there, we've gotten away with just finding some shit online and chat GPT.
Wow, that's amazing. It's fun. You're talking about custom deals.
I got to cover my address. But do you see that? It's a flipped. Yeah. Do you know a block?
Oh, is that your, is that your shares? I just got my shares yesterday.
What you physically, you got physical shares. It's like in Carta, but you get that too.
No, it's not in Carta. It's it's in something called computer share. It just looks like the most
90s thing ever. And they sent me no information about it digitally. They just sent me this piece
of paper with the number of shares and the value. Are you retiring? Is that it? Okay.
I mean, you were a VC, you VC'd and now paid it. Hey, you know, I've never lost money on a
startup investment. Like none of them have gone to zero yet. So I've done, I think, I shouldn't
say that. Oh, yeah, that's fair. I think I've done five, five investments. Three of them have
exited with a positive return for me. And the other two are still alive. One is doing insanely
well. The other one's SSD. That's an incredible track record, though. Like, I feel like that's not
normal. I mean, I guess it's small time angel investing in the sense that's five of them. Some
people do. I don't know, a lot. The thing is, though, it's like all the ones that succeeded,
succeeded in a way that I didn't expect. So I was like wrong, but I lucked out, which is how
almost all investing works, which is why you listen to VCs about anything. You're usually
right by accident. I've never, I've never done any investments. Casey, not a big fan of the idea of
all of my income comes from tech to then like turn around and invest in tech companies.
I don't know. It does. It's not for the money at all. What is it for? The cache?
Is that a word? Well, to me, for me, it's, if I can do this and I can end up breaking even or like
losing, let's say like 20%, whatever, like losing some, some small percentage of it. That's a massive
success because a main reason is to find people you like and instantly submit like a permanent life
long connection. Interesting. Yeah, that does do that, I would think. Yeah. So that's really for
the friendships. Yeah. It all comes down to the friendships. Like you don't make money angel
investing. Like I'm really like, like I said, I've gotten lucky so far, but if I continue to do this
for 10, 15 more years, if I break even, that would be a success. Like I don't, it's just. It's too
weird at like early stages like this. You just never know, even if even if everything makes sense.
So you can put investor in your bio though. That's a perfect. That's only a downside.
Investors a stupid job. Oh my god. It's a stupid job. So I went to something with Stefan
last week in Miami. It was like an event hosted by VCs. Ah, one of the rich parties we've talked
about this. Well, it was like on a nice rooftop and I guess there was food, but I guess it probably
was expensive to throw, but it didn't really feel like like we're living the life. Like we do when
we went, like when we were on the yachts, it's quite different. Yeah, with pit bull. Yeah.
But I was like so floored because almost every single stereotype that you imagine
was just like thrown in my face like crazy. Do you know how on Twitter every investor
investor? If you look on their bio, what do you see? What do you see if you go their bio?
Is it a mo is it an emoji? No, no, no. That rolls up the avocado emoji.
It's going to be I'm going to kick myself for not knowing, but I can't think.
Okay, so it's early investor in Uber Airbnb, like all these companies you heard of. Yeah.
And it's like, why are there like thousands of people with this in there in their profile?
So I kid you not every single person I talk to there. Less than one minute. First 60 seconds,
we'll throw in. By the way, we were early investors in X, like without fail. By the way,
we were the first check into superhuman. By the way, we were the first. It's just like every
interaction for them is like, I don't know who you are. I need to establish my credibility as soon
as possible. I'm so smart. And I picked the winners. And this is how I do it. And some people I even
saw were like when I would hear them introduce themselves to people. And they wouldn't be like,
hey, I'm Dax. They would say, hey, I'm Dax from like whatever VC firm they're working on.
Instantly credibility. I'm Dax from blah, blah. I'm not a random person. I'm like somebody.
It's like the most extreme version of probably all the stuff that we hate. Yeah, it was it was
funny. That's pretty funny. Yeah. I met some nice people, but you know, I mean, yeah,
I know some nice investors for sure. There's lots of people. I still get Christmas cards from
an investor that lovely family. I do. I do. I wonder like, is venture capital a permanent
fixture in society? Or no? No, I like want. I don't think so. I mean, not in the way it's been.
Like it's fun. Yeah. It's just funny talking to them because from my point of view,
it's so clear to me that their entire life is just dictated by the overall market going up and down.
Yeah, they're real estate agents. They're basically real estate agents.
Anyone can get the job. You just decide today. I'm a real estate agent. I'm a venture capitalist.
And there's no bar. It's like, it's all just random. And if the market's doing really well,
it's a good job. Yeah, exactly. For 99% of people, they're just they're not doing anything. They're
just like slaves to whatever the market's doing. But then their feelings around it are like they
don't perceive it in that way. So they were just like so like confused or like reacting to this
stuff in a way where it was just really weird. It like seemed kind of fake because let's be real.
Every VC is struggling right now. A lot of them are struggling just because money's not as available.
Markups aren't happening like they used to. IPOs aren't happening as they used to. But you talk to
every VC and almost the exact same candle line, which is, oh, yeah, I think this is so great.
It's so like our industry really needed like a cleanup phase reset. Yeah, I needed a reset.
It's like you're the people that are being reset. Like it's you. It's like everyone else except for
you. It's you. Yeah. So yeah, it's just funny. Like it's I feel like they live in this weird.
You know what it feels like to me? I feel like me as a founder, I'm so close to reality because
a market is like punching me in the face every single day. Yeah, they're so far removed to it.
But from it, but like are still trying to have the same level of insight as a founder.
So they always just come off like really confused and unaware of like any any like amount of reality.
It's a hard position because they're not near anything that's going on. They're getting it through
like secondhand, thirdhand accounts from like the companies I've invested in. It's just.
Yeah. Oh, by the way, I learned a new word while I was there. Every VC kept saying portco.
We had our portcos in every week. We try to have a portco. I've heard this word a lot.
I haven't heard it before. It was new for me. I've I've socialized with lots of portcos.
Hello, portcos. Yeah. Oh, of course. I feel like more of a venture capitalist than you all of a
sudden. I've never made any angel investments. Well, you I think you've more directly raised money
than I have. Oh, maybe probably have more experience with this. Anyway, any VCs listening,
don't take it personally, invest in us.
And we better get the problem. Oh, I mean, I think about, yeah, okay. Maybe we shouldn't talk about
the venture capitalist. Okay. Oh, I had a list. I don't know. It feels dumb now to read my list.
No, no, really. I think we went off topic for a little bit, but okay. Well, there is no topic.
So. Oh, I mentioned my ordering. I need you to buy one with my code because I don't want one.
Yeah, no, listen, hear me out. They're great. And if you buy one and one other person buys one,
I'll get some kind of air purifier. I didn't know I wanted an air purifier, but now I do.
I have an air purifier in my in my office right now. What brand is it?
Oronsie. It's good. I don't know.
Do you know the DHH people are obsessed with this? No, but when you say the DHH people,
you mean like the base can't people? The base can't. Yeah, like they have so many talks talking
about, I don't know if they're still obsessed with this, but there was definitely a period of
time where they were like air quality is terrible and it affects your programming ability. And they
were like, Oh, wow. Into air purifiers and like documenting the best ones and saying that
everyone should have one and what a big impact it can have. It's like the way people talk about
sleep and your performance, like they were kind of talking about that with air quality with air
quality. Okay. So I actually did get one of the ones that they were into. I don't know if it does
anything. We honestly got it because we have a lot of pets. And when you have a lot of pets,
there's just like stuff in the air, like dander hair. Yeah, no, that makes sense.
So I can't, I don't know if it helps with that, but it feels like it's doing something like we do no
fragrances. So like Casey is everything we buy is unscented. Yeah, same.
Let's just let's hate to Casey's really sensitive. Yeah, it's like women hate
centered stuff. Yeah, it's like anybody comes over and they have like a strong
scent. It just lingers in our house for days. I would love if something would suck that
scent out of the air. I'm surprised. But you guys must have something built into your house.
I think we do. We have like a whole house air purifier and a humidifier, like in our AC.
I don't know. Something about that. But like, I don't know, the things that they give me a free
one. If I just got a few people to sign up, so now I want it. I'm a consumer.
Well, I'm not setting up soon. Okay, well, fine. You know what? Fine. I'm going to put the link
in the show notes. There you go. I'll give it to Chris. I'll put it in show notes. If you're
listening, listen, they're great. Look them up. Here's one right now. Oh, you're not watching the
video, probably. Okay. So here's my issue. This is a reason I don't, I stopped using any of these
things or I stopped trying to ease these things. What is your charging habit around it? It's,
it has a charge for like seven days. Yeah, but my, my whip was also like a multi-day thing.
But still, what is your charging habit around it? So far, I've charged it once. And I just did it
in the middle of the day when I was sitting at my desk doing nothing. So I didn't need to track
anything. That was it. And, and do you feel like that you'll sustain that forever? Or do you
eventually feel like you'll, you'll follow it. Yes, I'm going to wear this literally forever.
So here's a great thing about it. I can't wear my watch when I roll with Injiu Jitsu.
Like it's just too big and clunky and it would hurt somebody. But I can wear this and it tracks
my heart rate during my roles. So it's first time I've had insight into like the actual
activity that I'm getting in Jiu Jitsu, which is great. And sleep, sleep data. It's great. Someone
buy it, please. I need a couple of people just buy it on my link. Thanks. That's enough about the
ordering. I feel like I just did a commercial. It's like the first time we've ever like,
it wasn't a good commercial. I don't think anyone's going to buy it. It wasn't very good. Yeah,
you made the anti case. So that didn't help. I made the anti case and he just didn't refute it.
So I didn't do a very good job. Yeah. Yeah. Well, whatever. Did you know Casey, my wife,
we did the inside tracker thing while we're doing commercials? Have you heard of inside tracker?
No, I have no idea what that is. What is that? If you listen to Huberman, you would know exactly
what inside tracker is. It's like a blood test. Like they, they do like a, all these genetic markers
and they basically come back and tell you your cellular age. So like, you've been on earth for
a certain number of years, but that doesn't mean that your cellular age reflects your calendar age.
I gotcha, because you know, depending on your life, you could have stressed yourself more.
Exactly. She's almost 10 years younger,
cellularly than she is. Calendar, literally. That's great for her. What about you?
I know. I haven't done it yet. She did it first. I got her for her birthday.
Yeah. So I'm just saying, we may be in our mid thirties. I'm calling my mid thirties still.
But we're like, we're really in our twenties, basically. We haven't even hit the 3-0 mark.
Just say it. What if someone in their twenties does it and it says they're like 14?
So we have it yet. So we have this theory. That's that whenever we talk about anti-aging stuff,
it does come down to like, how long do you try and reverse it? Like, what's the lowest you go?
Like, 18? Like, when do you stop anti-aging? Like, you don't want to be an adolescent again.
It becomes illegal if you go below 18.
Right. Yeah. No, it's like the... We have a theory and we haven't read this, but that like,
your body's really good at like, just repairing itself up until your mid twenties, thirties,
whatever. So like, I don't think anybody's probably aging too much past their age and their twenties.
You know what I mean? Like, you can eat like garbage and feel fine when you're 20.
I mean, we're talking about your grandfather that just did all the best stuff.
Yeah. That's true until he was 94. He did walk to his job every day and he had like,
a job he loved. He owned a clothing store. I think that was a big part of it.
That's huge. I talk about this all the time. I feel like the best thing for your old age is to
have a job that you like and are still active doing it. Yeah. Because he eventually, like,
he didn't retire, but he had to slow down a bit. And I think that probably did it. Like,
when he wasn't able to be at the store, he still wanted to know like what the numbers,
how many genes did we sell today? Like when he was days from dying. I mean, he was,
he was really into it. Yeah. Yeah. He was pretty overweight. Like,
so all the people that I see that are old and like, surprisingly with it are all like still working.
I think about Warren Buffett. Warren Buffett probably might die. Oh, yeah.
Like, I don't, I wouldn't be surprised if he'd literally just died any day. Yeah. But he's like,
he was pushing and talking about work. Like, yeah. He's still being quoted. He's like,
how many people that age are still like in the news, like for their expertise?
It's kind of crazy. And also other guy, Charlie Munger also in situation.
So now I gotta, I gotta find a job for my life so we can grow to be 120 together.
Because raising kids is stressful and not fulfilling. And it lasts for 20 years.
Well, I mean, you know what I mean? Like, she doesn't wake up and go like,
I can't wait to do this stuff today. Yeah. I know. It's the stuff you have to do.
But I guess like eventually we're going to be 90 and we're not going to be doing what we do
today. So she'll have to figure it out. Just like, well, let's figure it out. Okay. Liz,
in case you're fine, they're going to live forever. They're women too. They live longer, right?
I don't know. I feel like Liz is very masculine in a lot of ways. Like,
she's definitely more like the, I don't know. I can see her dying from a heart attack.
We always joke about where she's like, I don't know.
He's like, well, no, it's funny because like dying from a heart attack is a very like
masculine sounding way to die. She's like for her, like she would die in a heart attack in a
boardroom. That's like her. That's like a 55 year old male. For sure. Exactly.
Okay. That's all I want to talk about on my list.
What? You have to come up with the net.
You have to come up. I thought you had one item on your list.
Okay. I have more stuff. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do the teaching thing.
I'm going full Matt Pocock. If you follow Matt Pocock, you know, like, is that your archetype
of person you're trying to emulate?
But Kency Dobbs, Matt Pocock.
Well, I was wondering if it was specific because Matt does a lot of like the shorts and like little,
yeah, bite-sized things and stuff. I feel like Ken doesn't know as much.
Basically going to be tweeting and doing YouTube videos and making educational materials during
workshops. I'm going to teach stuff because you know what it is? I realized it hit me with this
latest Vercel slash next JS with next JS comp. It hit me that like I complained so much on the
internet about things I don't like in terms of technology. And I've never really put out what I
do like. Like here's how I like to do things. And I don't hear a lot of people like championing
the way I do things. There's a lot of people doing this the way I do things. I just don't
see a lot of educators teaching like how to build real product for a startup, for instance,
on AWS, for instance, with SSC for instance. Anyway, yeah, I'm going to do it. I'm going to like,
I'm making stuff. I'm going all in on it.
No, it's great. I think this is this is like how you started, right? This is why you ended
up with all the equipment that you have. Your initial intention to make a course. Yes.
I announced it a year ago. Yeah, finally. Wait, you had a name for it was going to be AWS for
web devs. That's just too much. That's like really long. So I've now I'm rebranding it to modern AWS.
Nice. There's there's like AWS, which is just giant thing. And like, that's not what the
course is about. The course is about building modern applications. Like AWS can be modern.
And there are lots of nice shiny things we get now. SST is a big example of that. You can have
awesome TypeScript mono repos and build on AWS. And I don't know how many people
realize that outside of the SST community or outside of startup community or whatever.
Yeah, no, it's I mean, I like the modern AWS because I think it it does a good job of hinting
that there's something you don't know. Yeah, modern. You don't know. Like is there something
that changed? And yes, there is a lot that changed. Yeah, it's exciting. I feel like you're
going to be able to put out like you're good at putting out high quality stuff. So yeah,
I think it'll be good. I'm excited to like play with all kinds of things. I want to I've always
wanted to make a course on AWS stuff that like vinded out AWS accounts. Like you were a student,
you bought the course. Here's your AWS account. Don't worry. You don't have to worry about the
bill. We spent like four hours. We had like a four hour meeting trying to figure out how to do that.
Oh, no, is it not possible? It is possible, but it's not you need to do some funny stuff.
Okay, the ultimate issue is at the end of the day, there needs to be a credit card
before the account is used. Oh, it's going to be in my organization.
It's going to be my credit card. I'm going to create accounts in my organization
for each student. But how do you prevent like abuse? That's on me. That's that's my job.
That's why I was a four hour meeting my students. Yeah, it's hard. It's a hard problem. But I think
it's solvable. Like I think with SCPs, I could like knock out 90% of the problems.
You can prevent people from spinning up certain resources. By the end of the day,
you need them to spin up a lambda. Yeah. And there's going to have to be like
some cut offs and some things that like I prevent. But it's going to be like a hefty course price.
Like this is for starters and teams. Like I feel like there's some wiggle there if people
accidentally encourage me. Because no one buy the course just to abuse it. Yeah,
because the country price is too high. That makes sense. It's different for us.
Because we had it was like public was like free. Oh, yeah, it's like a free thing. Yeah, it's
totally different. Yeah. If anybody could just start mining crypto. Yeah, that makes sense. And
like what's your approach with it? Do you think you're going to like put in a bunch of effort to
make the course first and then like start to do other stuff or like if you like. So what I want
to do is do a workshop in December. It's going to be a long play because I do have a full-time job.
And like this is going to be kind of in my free time. But I'm going to do a workshop in December.
It'll just be kind of like the first module of the course, I think. But do it kind of in a live
like 20 to 30 seats workshop where I can like get feedback on the content, see how it resonates,
and then kind of like turn that into part of the course down the line. So I'll do a few workshops
sometime over the next several months. And then eventually sometime next year, middle next year,
maybe have like an actual paid self-paced course. That's the goal.
What is a workshop? I always see these professional course people do this. They like do a workshop.
And then they like that like rolls up into their course. And like what is that?
It's just like an interactive like presentation.
Usually all day or half day like it's like a course. It's like if like a class like a university
class, I think like where there's like 30 students and there's a teacher and you're at the end of it.
There's some tangible thing that everybody learned and felt confident in doing. Yeah,
there's like a whole science around workshops and there's this book. Well, you know, Joel Hooks,
Badass Dev, he's got all kinds of resources. He points to this book on workshops. It's kind
of the definitive. Oh, I see. Oh, that's funny. It's a like learn a new skill. Yeah, I love learning
new skills. I love all of that. I think it's it's a cross-section of a lot of things I'm into.
So I'm very excited about it. No, it's good. Partly caffeine. It's partly I just I felt like
I always thought I wanted to try teaching and like get into the education space. I never felt
like I had a handle like on it on a idea of what it is I have to offer. And it's finally just in the
last few days, it feels pretty clear. Like for startups building product, digital product,
I feel like I have something to offer there. And I think they should do that on AWS. And I think
there's enough there that I can come up with just infinite number of things to talk about.
And that's the thing, I guess. Like when you watch Matt talk about TypeScript,
he could just talk about different things. He could he has no end to the things he could share,
knowledge he's accumulated. And I feel like I've kind of got that with AWS and with startups and
with this whole space. So yeah, it's funny because and I was saying this to you, it's such a huge
space. Again, like the biggest conference in the world, the tech conference in the world is
an AWS conference. Like it's so it's so big. So you would assume that it's super over saturated
with educational stuff. But I was telling you the other day, people always ask me like, hey,
like, how do I become good at AWS? Like what resources do you recommend? And I literally tell
them it doesn't exist. Like to be honest, there's nothing I can point you to.
So it's like that there's a ton of training resources put out by like actual AWS solutions
architects. It's not what what this is, which is like, you're a web developer, you're building
a startup and you need like a honed. It's like very different. There's like a sea of
information out there, but that's not what people need. And then there's like a lot of
cert specific stuff. There's like, Hey, you want to pass the certs? Here's a bunch of training
materials. Yeah, it's like very like technical. It's like technical is not the word. It's like,
you know what it is, it's stuff that flows down from AWS. It dictates certain things and then
people like build their own stuff, according to those roles or those recommendations, etc.
This will be a much more like unsanctioned AWS resource that's from the perspective of somebody
who's probably more modern web dev than I am cloud nerd. Yeah, it's it's funny because I was
thinking about this this morning, because there was this a post on Hacker News today,
which was about should you use Lambda Lith? So like, should you have like a single Lambda function
that has a bunch of routes? Or should you break it up? And I was looking at the replies and so
many replies were like, yeah, breaking up into a bunch of routes is like dumb. And like, I don't
know why they keep recommending this or I don't know why this is such a thing. And I was reading
that and I was like, it's so crazy how far we've come in in two years, because when I was first
getting into serverless and I had the same question, like, why can't I just pull up my routes on a
single function? Yeah, overwhelmingly everywhere. It said like bad idea, bad idea, bad idea wrong,
bad practice, whatever. And I kind of like went along with that. And then eventually I realized like,
no, that doesn't actually make sense. Like we've gone, it's like this idea of having like a million
little functions is like a made up solution that sounds good. And it's taking like years for that
to like become a little bit like correct itself. And it's that kind of stuff like you can't
if you just go off of the like the again, sanction is a good word, like the AWS sanctions stuff,
it like you end up in places that aren't fun. Like you end up with these like grand architectures
that sound good in theory, but just like suck day to day. Yeah, which is why I think AWS never
makes it into certain discussions. Yeah, I hope I can, I can be some part of the solution to that.
Yeah, I think it's been needed for a while. Obviously we are very interested in having
something like that. Cool. You guys can just point everybody to my stuff. That'd be great.
That would be great. Yeah. And yeah, I guess it's fun because like once you have that established,
like they're just going to be like infinite stuff. There's always going to be new stuff that's
changing. I was always so hesitant to like become like tech tutorial teacher guy. I don't know why.
You're always hesitant for everything. You're always like, I am. I don't want to be
ex persona. It's like what? Yeah, what is wrong with me? I'm self-conscious about everything I do,
but I keep doing things that are like, well, the other day you were like, I feel like I don't have
an identity, which is like one struggle. And the other side, you're like, I don't want to have an
identity or I don't want to have this identity. You're like shy away from having. Well, I'm leaning
into it. I've decided there's lots of people I respect that are teachers and I don't know why
I had some weird hang up about like tweeting. I think it's just like the there are some like
grifters that just tweet out like there's a lot more grifters than there are people that are good.
Yeah, I want to be one of the good ones. I want to be one of the ones that does it right and actually
helps people. Yeah, it's like, you're not at risk. It's like becoming a grifster. Yeah, I don't think
so. Yeah, right. It's not like it's not going to happen to you. You know, it's like, okay, I don't
think it just happens to someone when they turn into a grifster. I think it's. Okay, they started
out. Okay, got it. Yeah, no, I'm excited for it. I think that's great. Modern, did you get the
domain? I bet you did. Oh, of course, all of them. All of them. I mean, I'm in negotiations
divided the dot com, but yeah, all of them. Wait, what do you mean all of them? Why is it not as one?
I mean, most of the TLDs, most of the ones that the ones that matter, like modern AWS dot dev.
Yes, of course. That's yes.
Who owns it dot com? Because there's something I don't know. I use a broker to do all my domain
negotiations. Yeah, man, a broker probably loves you. I have a problem. I have an identity, I just
don't like it. Like my guy. Yeah, that's one of the facets and listens to Huberman, exactly.
Yeah. That's exciting. I want I want this now. Okay, well, you'll get it soon. I'm going to send
an email to the list and and do the rebrand on the website and all that stuff. Thanks. I really
have to pee. So I just going to have to pee. It's we're an hour in. I feel like no, we're good.
We did our job. We did an episode episode number 69. 69. What does that even mean?
Oh, stop. Can someone tell me in the comments and the replies?
Can you tag Adam and send him in from me and tell it so he can tell me pictures and
drive those but I do know what that means. This is a weird ending. This just got kind of weird.
Okay, I'm going to end the thing now. All right. See you. See you next.